[upbeat music playing]
- [Paula moaning] Oh. my God.
- [date moaning]
Oh. my God.
I've never done this before… [gasps]
[moaning] Going home
with someone I just met.
[moans]
Did you know when I walked into the bar
that this was gonna happen?
- [date] Yeah.
- Yeah?
- Mm-hmm.
I could see you looking at me.
[inhales sharply] Mmm.
I wanted to fuck you right there.
Oh. my God.
I don't know anything about you.
[moans] What's your name?
[inhales sharply]
- Kevin.
- What?
- Kevin?
Yeah.
Oh. Kevin. what do you do for work?
I was just fired.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Stealing work office supplies.
- [sighs]
White-collar stuff.
Mm-hmm.
- Sorry. I can't do this.
- Okay.
I can't do it. I suck at role play.
- No. it's okay. Just… I think… I think...
- It just takes me out of it.
I find role-playing so stu… goofy.
- [scoffs] God. dude!
- I can't do it.
- I was. like. fucking right there.
- You were?
- Yes. please.
- We can make this work.
- We can?
- Yes. you're... Yes. yes.
- With the Kevin shit?
You're. um… [clicks tongue]
You're desperate.
And you're unemployed.
- It's not hot.
- And I'm a big. important headhunter.
Okay.
[whispering] And you're gonna tell me
about your special skills. Kevin.
[kissing]
[Karl] I'm proficient at. uh. Photoshop.
And?
I'm a B+ at Excel.
Mmm. okay. And?
Good at sex stuff.
[exhales deeply] Sex stuff?
- Could we just…
- [strokes mattress]
- …do it?
- Mmm. yeah.
[pantomiming moaning]
[sucks teeth. sighs] Oh.
[pantomimes moan]
[softly] Mmm. Yeah.
Yeah. that's good.
[gasps. moans]
[electronic music playing]
It's a race. It's a race. It's a race.
It's a race.
- [Hazel chuckles]
- [car beeps]
[Paula grunts]
Uh. we got two different shoes!
I got it. You want blue star
or you want pink?
- [Paula] Blue me. baby.
- [Karl] Here you go.
- [Paula] Okay. uh. fruit snacks?
- Got 'em.
There we go.
Yeah.
All right. which Target are we going to?
- The good one.
- Great.
[engine starts]
[Paula sighs]
- [thuds]
- [tires screech]
- [Karl] Fuck.
- Easy. Karl.
Almost ruined my motherfucking day.
- [Karl] Jesus.
- Caleb. can you move? We have to go.
[whistling] Hey. guys.
Oh.
- Anybody want a beer?
- No.
No. we're running late.
Hazel. what about you? Extra cold.
[Karl] Stop. Stop it.
We are very late for something though.
so we've got to go.
Yeah.
Yeah. No. I got you.
Thank you. Great.
Well. have a blessed day.
I'm gonna back up.
Do you want… I mean. you're very close.
You got space. bud.
[squeaking]
["That's Good" playing]
- I'll get the gift.
- Okay. I'll get the card.
What about that ball?
[mutters]
Pick up some party stuff.
There. Hey. that's... [gasps]
[gasps] Sorry.
[music continues]
[no audible dialogue]
[scanner beeps]
Oh. actually. do you gift wrap?
You're in Target. sir.
- Right. yeah.
- I got you.
- Oh. great. thanks.
- $141.99.
Ooh. Jesus. Karl.
Isn't this kid. like. seven years old?
Yeah. but it's my boss's kid.
So if he likes it.
then you get a better parking spot?
No. but if you want to impress the guys.
you gotta play the game. Paula.
[song ends]
[Paula] Hoo-wee.
That is some Martha Stewart shit.
Ooh. looks good.
Whoo-hoo.
You take the. uh. price tag off?
Yeah. Pretty sure.
You gotta be sure sure.
- You sure sure?
- Really?
Hmm.
You should probably just look over there
'cause there's nothing…
[singsongy] …to see here.
- [Karl] It was on?
- This is just part of the box.
Great. One job. huh. pal.
[chuckling] Yeah. Yeah. one job.
[intriguing music playing]
Um. can you activate party mode?
[in robot voice] Activated.
- [chuckles]
- How long. uh.
do you think you wanna stay?
Well. I really want to get some
good face time with Bryce.
so maybe a couple hours. Can you do that?
Yeah. I'm just thinking about Hazel.
She's good. Party mode activated. right?
- [Hazel] Yeah.
- Good.
- It'll be fun. right?
- Mm-hmm.
And if you hit a wall.
let's have a safe word.
Let's have it. uh…
Let's have it be "raisins."
[chuckles] All right. um…
- Party mode activated.
[Hazel. singsongy] Ding-dong. Ding-dong.
Okay. I got it. I got it.
- Hey. good to see you.
- Good to see you.
- Welcome. Come on in.
- Yeah. thanks.
We've got the…
birthday chaos is back there.
You know my wife. Kirsten?
Yes. My God.
What a beautiful house. Kirsten.
- It's Kirsten.
- [chuckles] I think I said that.
[chuckles] Kirsten.
Karl. let's make sure
to connect later. yeah?
- Love it. yeah. Thank you.
- [Lucas] Karl!
- Lucas!
- [chuckles]
Oh. you already have drinks.
[chuckles] Kirsten.
Okay. Got it right that time.
[children chattering. clamoring]
- [children laughing]
- [balloon pops]
[party horns tooting]
[party music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
- Hi.
- Hey. you know Lucas and Ron. right?
- From the design studio with me.
- [Ron] Hey.
- Yeah.
- Oh. and you remember Mallory. of course.
- Hi! You made it.
- Hi.
[stammers] Yeah. Of course.
- Why wouldn't I?
- [chuckles]
Oh. I thought. um…
I don't know. Karl mentioned something.
[chuckles]
Uh. you wanna show me
where you got that drink?
[smacks lips] Um. yeah. Yeah. sure.
- Do you mind grabbing me one? Thanks.
- Sure.
- I'm not actually drinking.
- Oh.
I just needed to go to the bathroom and
didn't want Lucas to picture me peeing.
- Oh. is he one of those?
- Oh. yeah.
Like. his photo should be
duct-taped to the wall in HR.
- Mmm.
- I'll catch you later.
Yeah. but. uh. full disclosure.
I will be picturing you peeing.
- [Mallory chuckling]
- [laughing]
[mouthing] What?
[music continues]
[speaking indistinctly]
- [chuckling] Are you okay?
- No.
Mommy. I need your help. Come on.
Yeah.
[Hazel] Mom.
[Mallory chuckles]
What's your favorite
kind of thing to paint?
[all] ♪ …birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday to you ♪
♪ Happy birthday. dear Adam ♪
[all cheering]
[Paula] Okay. Whoa.
- Come on. stinky butt. Let's go.
- [groans]
[children chattering. laughing]
[Bryce] …so I believe that to be true.
- [Mallory. Karl laughing]
- Hey. Karl.
- Hey.
- This one's ready to go.
My tummy hurts.
but my mouth wants more cake.
[whispering] Okay. I barely connected
with Bryce. I can't go right now.
Oh. I know. But. hey. I guess
you were too busy doing other stuff.
- What does that even mean?
- [chuckles] Nothing.
- I just… Yeah.
- Okay.
She's done and-and I'm-I'm ready too.
Okay. well. I can't be the first one
to leave 'cause that's a bad look. right?
Well. the creepy Lucas guy
just left. like. 20 minutes ago. so...
Okay. Paula. it's a work thing. babe.
Yeah. I could really use some raisins.
It's not really time
for raisins right now.
- This is a bad...
- Is "raisins" your safe word?
At work. Karl and I say "ficus"
when we want out of a meeting.
[chuckles] Okay.
My safe word with my wife is.
"You're in trouble."
- [all laughing]
- [chuckles] Okay.
That's funny. yeah. Okay.
- [Karl] All right.
- [Paula] Bye. everybody.
- [Mallory] Bye.
- [Karl] Bye. guys.
Hey. I'll see you at home.
I'll take an Uber.
Good night. Haze.
- [groans]
- Love ya.
[atmospheric music playing]
[mock laughing]
You're so funny.
- …said. "Yeah. we'll do it."
- [all laugh]
[music continues]
[slams steering wheel]
[speaks indistinctly]
You have. like. something…
- Do you wanna make a wish?
- [chuckles]
[thudding on steering wheel]
- [speaking indistinctly]
- [chuckles]
- [Karl] It is not.
- Be honest.
- It is not.
- Mine is.
[chuckling]
I don't even want to hear that.
[phone buzzing]
- [clicks tongue] One second.
- Yeah.
Hey. what's up?
What? Are you okay?
Is Hazel okay?
[tense music playing]
Okay. all right. just stay calm. I'll be…
I'll be… I'll be right home. okay?
All right.
- Holy shit.
- What?
She. uh. got in…
[stammers] …a car accident.
- What?
- Yeah. uh. but I don't have…
- Could you possibly... Okay.
- Yeah. I'll drive you.
[car door opens]
Hey. you okay?
What happened. Paula?
Hey.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Mallory gasps]
Is he dead?
What the fuck happened?
Um. he came out of nowhere.
I didn't see him.
- I t-tried to stop.
- Wait. is he dead?
Where's Hazel?
Um. she's inside. She's fine.
She didn't see anything.
She was. um. asleep.
And. I mean. what do we do?
Do we… Do we…
Do we call an ambulance?
- Do we call the police?
- [Karl] Oh. my God.
- Do we… Do we… Do we…
- Okay. Here's what we do.
- Like. I don't know.
- because-because he wasn't breathing.
- Paula. Paula. Paula.
Listen to me. Listen to me. Listen to me.
You need to go inside. You need to relax.
Pour yourself a big glass of wine.
drink the whole thing. okay?
- Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
- You need to relax. We will call 911.
- Okay? Okay? Sit down.
- Okay. Yeah.
[stammers] I don't think she should
be drinking wine right now.
- [Paula] I don't know why she's here.
- Just please let her fucking help us.
- I'm so confused about why she's here.
- [Mallory] I just drove him home.
- Let her help.
- I drove him home.
- Why the fuck is she here?
- Let her fucking help us.
[slams door]
- The wine...
- Why do you want her to drink right now?
Because. if there's a toxicology report.
it will explain why
there's alcohol in her system.
- She had drinks at the party. right?
- Oh. my God.
- She could go to jail.
- It's okay.
- We're gonna take care of it.
- I don't want you to be part of this.
- You don't… No. this is…
- It's okay. I wanna help.
- This is my mess. This isn't yours.
- I wanna help.
It's gonna be okay.
I'm gonna make a phone call.
[breathes heavily]
[siren blares in distance]
[Karl] Look. she was just
protecting our daughter.
That's all she was doing.
You know. she's in shock now.
She goes… This guy. he's totally unstable.
He's got a record.
[Mallory] There is no need
to traumatize her any further.
This guy jumped out
in her driveway in the dark.
They were coming from a kid's
birthday party. for Christ's sake.
I'm-I'm telling you. Greg.
it was just an accident.
It was the worst day of my life.
Worst day of his life.
But it was an accident.
It must say that in the…
in the police report.
It says accident. Doesn't say much else.
Weird they didn't check
your blood alcohol. Pretty standard.
[stammering]
[smacks lips] What does any
of this have to do with Trevor's murder?
Maybe nothing.
Maybe something.
We found it at the murder scene.
Your prints were on it.
[Paula] That's my daughter's.
I must have dropped it when I ran away.
Why do you even bring it?
I thought you just wanted
to talk to Trevor.
I did. I don't know.
It…
It was a scary situation.
[stammers]
Uh. where are you going with this?
Just trying to get a little clarity.
but it's hard
when you're withholding information.
I wasn't withholding. I forgot.
He wasn't killed
with a hockey stick. right?
Did you even look into
that banking stuff I sent you?
[smacks lips] I did.
And the account is registered
to a Mr. Jeffrey Thorwald.
Great. Talk to him.
[Gonzales] I'd love to.
Sadly. Mr. Thorwald
is more commonly known as Trevor.
So. that's a dead end.
Which brings us back to you.
Why? Why back to me? What-What… [stammers]
I thought you were supposed
to be helping me.
and now you're bad cop… bad-copping me.
Do you like tea?
What?
- I hate tea.
- When I'm upset. I drink tea.
It brings me clarity.
Go home.
- make yourself a hot cup of chamomile…
- [scoffs]
…and you'll see things more clearly.
And then we'll talk again.
We'll see you.
Real soon.
She skated that thing in Portland.
[sighs] Maybe it was a DWI.
But it's still hard to connect the dots
to strangling a camboy.
DWI? More like manslaughter.
And now there's a second dead body.
She came in ready to beat
the camboy with a hockey stick.
Things took a turn. She choked him out.
[clicks tongue] Ah. I'm not there yet.
Well. I am. Hurry up.
I'm getting tired of waiting for you.
[whispering] I have the news
of the millennium.
I found Paula's camboy.
Oh. my God.
- I know.
- No way. You hacked your co-worker.
- Amazing.
- [normal voice] Okay. meet Trevor.
- Real name. Jeff.
- No. I am not… I'm not looking.
- Too early for dick pics.
- It's not a dick pic.
- Okay. so Trevor…
- [sighs] Okay.
…was born in Lake City. Florida.
He went to St. Mary High.
Played bass in a band.
cashiered at Chick-fil-A. as you do.
and then started sex work.
Okay. Oh. that's…
I said no dick pics. so…
Yeah. but do you notice
anything weird about it?
- No.
- Yeah. me neither.
I just wanted to make sure
you got a good look.
- So here's where it gets juicy.
- Okay. It already looked juicy.
His most recent IG post
is from about two months ago.
but the comments
are from the past 24 hours.
Broken heart emojis. "#missyouforever."
Oh. yeah. that's a lot of prayer hands.
Yeah. never good.
- So. is he. like…
- Yep.
Scamboy is dead.
Whoa.
[intense music playing]
[sighs. whimpering]
[breathes shakily]
I… [whimpering]
[phone chimes]
[chimes]
[sighs]
I can't believe this is happening.
[breathing shakily]
[stammers]
I can't believe this is happening.
Take your time.
[Dennis] Uh…
After dinner. I just…
I Ubered straight home.
[sighs] Just keep thinking
if I just spent the night with him.
If I was there… But I. uh… [sighs]
I had PT early the next morning.
[sniffles]
I need treatment for my shoulder.
Uh. I was at Elmhurst Healing PT.
- Mm-hmm. What time was your appointment?
- [sniffles. clicks tongue]
Uh. 7:00 a.m.
[sniffles] And I'm…
I'm usually there for about two hours.
Ever bother you that he was a…
sex worker?
He was a camboy.
I mean. he didn't have sex.
It was… It's different.
[sighing]
Doesn't seem that different.
I mean. I wouldn't be able to handle it
if my partner did that.
I'm way too jealous.
Well. I'm not.
[sighs]
Anyway. what we had
was just so much more than that.
[exhales sharply. sniffles]
For them. he was this…
[clicks tongue] …fantasy on a screen.
But I got to be with him in real life.
I get that.
Was there anyone who didn't see
that line so clearly? Any clients?
[sniffles] I mean. he was just…
Sometimes people would get
a little obsessive.
but it's not like
anyone knew where he lives.
Lived.
[exhales sharply]
I mean. you think one of them
could have done this?
[Baxter] We have a witness.
but they haven't ID'd anyone. Yet.
Oh. my God.
I should have been there.
Like. why wasn't I there?
[sobs]
Um. I think we're good here.
- Thanks for coming in.
- I'm sorry. [whimpering]
And. uh. sorry for your loss.
Thank you.
[sniffles. exhales deeply]
Please just let-let me know
if you… if you find anything.
[sniffles. sighs]
Nice bracelet.
Mmm. I like it.
[sighs] Oh. thank you.
[sniffles. sighs]
So you into jewelry now?
I was checking for bruises.
You know.
the kind you get from strangling someone.
My gut says he's clean.
My gut says I'll bet you 50 bucks
the alibi is bullshit.
Not bullshit.
Why are you always trying
to bet me on everything?
Because life is boring. and a little
gambling makes it more interesting.
You sound like someone
with a bit of a problem.
But I'm not here to save the whales.
You're on. Fifty bucks.
I'll go to the PT place.
and you go to the ATM.
[Karl] Yeah. thank you for.
uh. letting us know. officer.
[sighs] Yeah.
the cops said they found your bike
and your jewelry at a homeless encampment.
So. they think it must have been
a vagrant who did this to you.
I can't wait to get outta here.
The doctors think maybe we can get
out of here by tomorrow if we're lucky.
Out of the city?
[chuckles] Yeah. well.
let's just get you better.
get you rested. and get you home.
and then we'll figure everything out.
I don't wanna wait until
the school year is over.
I don't wanna play nice with Paula.
I don't care.
It's not safe here.
And we're gonna move. honey.
a hundred percent.
I'm ready to.
- We gotta move now.
- Okay.
I want to move now.
- We need to.
- Okay.
Whatever it takes. okay?
Whatever it takes.
[clicking mouse pad]
- [Geri] Hello.
- [stammers] Hi.
Do you want to come to bar trivia tonight?
Uh. no. I hate trivia.
Geri has something to tell you.
- No. I don't.
- Yes. she does.
Yeah.
I-I-I don't have time to do this. guys.
- I have to pick up Hazel...
- It's just we figured out
who the camboy is
that you were interacting with.
- Trevor?
- What?
- You left your computer open...
- I was vehemently against this...
And I… It was actually impressive.
I reverse image searched his cam thumbnail
and then I scraped the old socials...
- [Rudy] We think he's dead.
- And we...
- [whispering] You're killing me.
- Sorry.
Yeah. is he dead?
Can't believe you guys.
- [Geri] What?
- You guys?
[stammering] It was mostly her.
No. we were trying to help.
You went through my laptop.
I thought you jerks were my friends.
but you're just jerks.
Okay. see.
now I feel like you're the asshole.
I'm just…
asshole-adjacent. kinda.
[Baxter] I went to the PT place.
They said Dennis was there.
You get security footage?
What did I tell you about the follow-ups?
They just sent the footage.
- It's on my laptop.
- [cat meows]
[sighs]
[meows]
I went to the PT place.
It was near the shelter.
[scoffs] Not really.
Whatever.
I saved you from being a murderess.
You are the saddest. loneliest
detective I've ever met.
Not anymore. Right. buddy?
I got to name this sexy beast.
Okay. Let's see the footage.
All right. but I'm telling you.
the boyfriend is clean.
[sighs]
Okay. so he said he checked in at 7:00
and left at 9:00.
[Baxter] Mm-hmm.
[suspenseful music playing]
Where's your boy. Baxter?
[Baxter] He's coming.
[Gonzales] I think you'd better
get your wallet ready.
[suspenseful music continues]
[Baxter sighs]
[clicks tongue]
There he is. Boom.
Let's see when he leaves.
Earlier than he said.
Do you think he teleported to the victim's
house in seven minutes. choked him out?
No. you're right.
He's accounted for
at the time of the murder.
- [sighs]
- You owe me 50.
- Can we get back to Ms. Sanders now?
- Yeah.
Start tightening the noose.
[meows]
[car locks]
Love the new hair.
It's my usual two hours.
- My fucking car!
- Fuck your car!
It was the worst day of my life.
[phone buzzing]
- Hello?
- [Gonzales] Karl Hendricks.
This is Detective Sofia Gonzales
with the NYPD.
Okay. [stammers]
Do you have info on the. uh. attack?
Uh. no. I'm calling to arrange
a time for you to come in and talk.
With me? Um…
A-About what?
About your ex-wife. Paula Sanders.
[phone ringing]
- Hello?
- Ms. Sanders. This is Detective Baxter.
I just wanted to go
through your statement again.
We. uh. found some discrepancies.
What-what-what are you…
What are you talking about?
What? Why are we doing this?
Well. we think you may be responsible
for the death of Jeffrey Thorwald.
You're a person of interest in his murder.
Okay? So. first question…
[car beeps]
[Gonzales] We'll cover that
at the station. sir. Thank you.
[sighs]
Was that the police?
Yeah. yeah.
What they want?
Um. they wanted us to. um…
[clicks tongue] Nothing.
[Baxter] And if you plan
on leaving the tristate area.
you need to alert myself
or Detective Gonzales.
- We'll be in touch.
- [line clicks]
[engine starts]
Fuck me. Fuck me.
That's another point
for the Bushwick Bombers!
[all applauding]
- Yay! We're awesome.
- We're so lucky.
Every question was about Hitler.
[host] More trivia in five minutes.
[all chattering]
- Oh!
- Hi.
You're here.
Yeah. [sighs]
Are you okay?
I don't think so.
[grunting]
- [Paula. on video] Oh. my God!
- [Geri] Oh. shit.
I'm fucking filming you. Leave him alone!
And this whole thing was fake?
This? Yes. yes.
but then he was murdered for real. and…
and now I think that
the cops think that I killed him.
- Why?
- Because I went to Trevor's house.
I was angry at him for scamming me.
so I figured out where he lived.
and then I found him dead.
- The murderer was still there.
- What?
I didn't get a look at him because I was.
like. running for my life.
- Holy shit.
- But… [sighs]
…now the police know that I was there.
and they think…
I had motive. like…
They think I'm a real suspect.
I could lose everything.
I could go to jail. I could lose my kid.
I need to figure out
what the fuck happened.
and I… I don't know what to do.
What do I do?
- You're asking us?
- [Paula] Yeah.
[stammers]
Can I see the video again?
[grunting]
[Paula] Oh. my God!
I'm fucking filming you. Leave him alone!
- [groaning]
- I'm filming!
[Geri] Okay. hang on.
How have you been other… otherwise?
[Geri] Hang on.
[groans]
Yep. Hang on. hang on.
I remember this from before
because it was so cringe.
I could have abs like that.
but it's actually not healthy for humans.
Like. we need a little cushion
of fat scientifically.
- [stammers] You do… You continue...
- No. look. guys.
[Rudy] Oh. yeah.
it's the same douchey ring.
He's at a party with Trevor.
which means the guy in the video is.
like. a friend of his.
- Do you know anyone that knew Trevor?
- No. no.
Like. I only cammed with him.
Oh. shit. yes!
One guy.
Uh. and-and-and maybe he knows something.
- We should talk to him. then.
- [Paula] Yeah.
Yeah. I'm down.
[Paula] Yeah.
It's not gonna be.
like. dangerous. though. is it?
I don't think…
- Why would it? No.
- Yeah.
- Cool.
- [Rudy] All right. let's do it.
[suspenseful music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music ends]